---
title: F.A.Q.
layout: landing
image: assets/images/faq.jpg
description: 'Have questions and need answers?'
nav-menu: true
---
<!-- Main -->
<div id="main">

<!-- One -->
<section id="one">
	<div class="inner">
    <p><span style="color:blue"><h3>Who is Texas Resolution Group?</h3></span>
    <p>Texas Resolution Group is a Texas attorney assisted debt relief firm whose function
                  is to facilitate a quick economical resolution. For 15 years we have processed over
                  10,000 debt issues and continue to maintain a remarkable success rate in excess of 99%.
                  Our <span style="font-weight:bold">virtual debt resolution process</span> is non-adversarial, less costly and a very popular
                  procedure to resolve debt issues both in and out of the court systems. Some of the
                  important characteristics we discipline in our process include, absolute integrity, sincerity
                  (we are genuinely personable to all parties), and excellent communication and creative
                  skills.</p>
    <p><span style="color:blue"><h3>How does the Texas Resolution Group’s program work?</h3></span>
    <p>Texas Resolution Group is truly <span style="font-weight:bold">unique... </span>for years we have been performing a
                  <span style="font-weight:bold">virtual debt resolution process.</span> There are no physical meetings for both parties to attend
                  and our system allows the resolution process to quickly commence without scheduling
                  delays. The principal parties continue about their normal business while our resolution
                  process toggles between the parties using telephone, fax, e-mail or written
                  communication until a mutually acceptable reswolution is reached.</p>
    <p><span style="color:blue"><h3>Can you help me if I have been sued for non-payment of debt?</h3></span>
    <p>Texas Resolution Group is dedicated to searching for a solution for you whether it is
                  in collections, litigation, post-arbitration or post-judgment. We have many years of past
                  experience dealing with a wide array of issues.</p>
    <p><span style="color:blue"><h3>How does Texas Resolution Group differ from Credit Specialists, Consumer Credit Counseling Services and Debt Settlement Companies?</h3></span>
    <p>Texas Resolution Group is not a Debt Consolidation Company or a Credit Service
                  Company. <span style="font-weight:bold">We have no monthly service fees</span>, we instead simply quote a refundable flat,
                  fixed fee, which usually ranges from $200-$750. <span style="font-weight:bold">Texas Resolution Group offers an
                  economical one-time guaranteed service and there are no other ongoing charges or
                  hidden fees of any kind!</span> The deposit is refunded if we are unable to reach a successful
                  resolution. This policy is our way of ensuring discipline and excellance in our services.</p>
    <p><span style="color:blue"><h3>How do I get started?</h3></span>
    <p>The formal Texas Resolution Group process begins with our simple agreement form
                  that defines the terms and conditions of our relationship with the parties, including the
                  refundable fee. The refundable fee is paid up front as a “good faith” deposit to start the
                  process.</p>
    <p><span style="color:blue"><h3>How long does it take to reach a settlement?</h3></span>
    <p>The length of time it takes to successfully negotiate a resolution is usually short,
                  perhaps 3-10 business days, however in some instances it may take longer.
                  <span style="font-weight: bold"><a href="mailto:intake@txrgp.com?subject=Intake Request">Contact us for more information.</a></span></p>
