---
title: Rules & Procedures
layout: landing
description: 'More “user friendly” than dealing with collection agencies and courts'
image: assets/images/rules.jpg
nav-menu: true
---

<!-- Main -->
<div id="main">

<!-- One -->
<section id="one">
	<div class="inner">
	<header class="major">
		<h2>Term Definitions</h2>
	</header>
		<p>
		<dt><h4>Our Process.</h4></dt>
			<dd>
				<p>Our <span style="font-weight: bold">virtual debt resolution process</span> is more “user friendly” than dealing
				with collection agencies and courts, and allows us to listen to your concerns and allows
				us to focus on a proposed resolution to the debt. With our resolution process you have no
				obligation whatsoever unless both parties agree.</p>
			</dd>
	  <dt><h4>Our Role.</h4></dt>
			<dd>
				<p>In the resolution process we will work to seek a practical resolution and will
					not provide legal advice or opinions. We promise to listen to your concerns and will then
					focus on a resolution to the dispute. We are committed to helping both sides come to an
					acceptable resolution. <span style="font-weight: bold">If the need for litigation services arise, we will provide you the
					contact information for our attorney, whom you may retain, if you so desire.</span></p>
			</dd>
	  <dt><h4>Your Commitment to the Process.</h4></dt>
			<dd>
				<p>You agree to work cooperatively with us during the
					resolution process in good faith. You agree to provide reasonable information requested
					to resolve your debt. You agree to promptly notify us of changes in your contact
					information including mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, or fax number.</p>
			</dd>
	  <dt><h4>No Personal Appearances.</h4></dt>
			<dd>
				<p>Many people find collections and court experiences quite
					stressful and inconvenient with their work schedules. In our process, you do not have to
					communicate with collectors or appear to court in person. The entire process can be
					handled by phone, mail, fax, or e-mail. Therefore, you can choose your own method and
					personal schedule.</p>
			</dd>
	  <dt><h4>Communication with the Other Side.</h4></dt>
			<dd>
				<p>You agree that, during the process, all
					communication with the other side will be through us and you agree to reasonably
					respond to communications and not circumvent the resolution process or otherwise act in
					bad faith.</p>
			<dd>
				<p>It is important for you to know that in our process all of our records of
					your case are confidential. Also, everything you learn about the other side during the
					process is confidential. Both sides agree to not subpoena us for records in any legal
					proceeding. Neither side may use any confidential information from our process later in
					court, should there be no resolution. These protections allow you to freely participate in
					our process, without worrying your information will be made public, or used in court.</p>
			</dd>
	  <dt><h4>Time Limits.</h4></dt>
			<dd>
				<p>This matter may have a pending court date. Therefore, you need to reasonably respond to our communications.</p>
			</dd>
	  <dt><h4>Termination.</h4></dt>
			<dd>
				<p>Either party may cancel the resolution process by giving Texas Resolution
					Group written notice before any settlement agreement is signed by both parties. A
					consumer who cancels the agreement is entitled to a refund of all money that the
					consumer has paid. Texas Resolution Group may withdraw from the process if it
					believes that either party is not participating in good faith, or that a resolution is not
					reasonably possible.</p>
			</dd>
	  <dt><h4>Final Resolution.</h4></dt>
			<dd>
				<p>No resolution is binding unless both sides agree to it. You are under no obligation to agree to anything.</p>
			</dd>
	  <dt><h4>Waiver of Claims Against Us.</h4></dt>
			<dd>
				<p>You agree that we shall not be liable for any act or omission in connection with your case.</p>
			</dd>
