---
title: Our Fees
layout: landing
description: 'Cost efficient not only for our clients, but also for us'
image: /assets/images/fees.jpg
nav-menu: true
---

<!-- Main -->
<div id="main">

<!-- One -->
<section id="one">
	<div class="inner">
	<header class="major">
		<h2>Our Fees</h2>
	</header>
		<p><span style="font-weight:bold">There are no monthly program or hidden fees!</span> We are fortunate enough to have a
steady client volume, which has allowed our fees to become rather modest in relation to
the quality and success rate of the services we perform…and consider the following
benefits.
<br>
<br>
We have over 15 years of past experience dealing with a wide range of issues. During
our free, initial phone consultation with a prospective client to evaluate the problem, we
can normally project the time, effort and probability of reaching a successful resolution.
Therefore, in most cases, we will simply quote a modest refundable, flat, fixed fee, which
usually ranges from $200.00 to $750.00. <span style="text-decoration:underline">In all cases, the fee deposit is refundable if we
are unable to reach a successful resolution.</span> This refund policy is our way of ensuring
discipline and excellence in our services.
<br>
<br>
Our formal resolution process begins with our initial phone interview that defines the
terms and conditions of our relationship with the parties, including the refundable fee
deposit. The refundable fee is required up front as a “good faith” deposit to start the
process. Written settlements are typically completed in 5-10 business days.
Some unique situations may call for a different approach to our fee arrangement. In such
cases, we are adapted to being flexible.
<br>
<br>
If the need for litigation services arise, we will provide you then contact information for
our attorney, whom you may retain, if you so desire.</p>
